What did the dog say after a long day at work? "Today was Ruff"
Where are average things built? In the satisfactory.
I've eaten too much Middle Eastern food. Now I falafel.
A pet store had a bird contest. No perches necessary.
What's the worst thing about ancient history class? The teachers tend to Babylon.
Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
How many optometrists does it take to change a light bulb?... 1 or 2? 1... or 2?
My son asked me to take him to the hospital because he had a large red mark on his face. I said "Let's not make any rash decisions."
Just read a few facts about frogs. They were ribbiting.
Sean Connery famously said he would leave The Bahamas and return to Scotland, if it ever gained independence. He must be shitting himself.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
The universe implodes. No matter.
I can give you the cause of an anaphylactic shock in a nutshell.
I just swapped our bed for a trampoline. My wife hit the roof.
I heard a rumour that Cadbury is bringing out an oriental chocolate bar. Could be a Chinese Wispa.
My dog Minton ate a shuttlecock... Bad Minton.
Astronomers got tired of watching the moon go round the earth for 24 hours. So the decided to call it a day.
I've got an addiction to water, I think I'm an aquaholic.
What did the hungry clock do? Went back four seconds!
I play triangle for a reggae band. It's pretty casual. I just stand at the back and ting.
I'm afraid I've caught poetry. Don't worry, I used to suffer from short stories. Really? When? Once upon a time
I asked the checkout girl for a date. She said "They're in the fruit aisle next to the bananas."
What did the chicken say about the scrambled egg? There goes my crazy, mixed up kid.
Why do so many people with laser hair want to get it removed?
What's the difference between a well dressed man on a a bicycle and a poorly dressed man on a tricycle? Attire!
Why does Peter pan always fly?Because he neverlands!
For all American Dads, this is all you need today.
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? Aye matey
I jumped into the sea today. My friends pier pressured me into it.
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighbourhood? The Spaghetto.
I have kleptomania, but when it gets bad, I take something for it.
Why can't you have a nose 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Why do bears have hairy coats? Fur protection.
Someone said my clothes were gay. I said "Yeah, they came out of the closet this morning."
I just misspelt Armageddon, it's not the end of the world.
Volunteering in America is absurd, it just makes no cents.
Jonny Wilkinson is announcing his retirement from rugby. You can't say he didn't try.
Why don't you want to taco bout it? 'Cause i'm nacho friend anymore.
Doorbells, don't knock 'em.
I'm back from holiday in the South Pacific. I wish I had Samoa time off.
"I'm on a whiskey diet, I've lost 4 days already." Tommy Cooper What's your favorite Cooperism?
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of the stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.
Whiteboards are remarkable.
Sweet dreams are made of cheese, who am I to dis a Brie.
Happy Easter! What's your best egg yolk? Mine is: A boiled egg is hard to beat.
What do you call an Alligator wearing a vest? An investigator.
Did you hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field.
Can February march? No, but April May.
Full credit to the whoever made this for Putin in the effort.
What does a grape say when it is stepped on? Nothing, it just lets out a little wine.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
I swallowed some Tippex last night. I woke up this morning with a massive correction.
Just got a text from Snoop Dogg. No biggy.
What do you get when you cross a rhetorical question with a joke?
Pink Panthers to do list: To do To do To do, to do, to do To do, to doooo
What did the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead, I'll give these two a lift.
What did one eye say to the other? Something smells between us.
Two elephants fall off a cliff... Boom boom!
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Tentacles.
I don't like atoms, they're liars. They make up everything.
If you want to set up a company and run it, then that's your own business.
My friend is going on holiday to the Middle East. Oman, that sounds fun...
Whoever invented the door knocker deserves a no-bell prize!
Why did the elf push his bed into the fireplace? He wanted to sleep like a log.
I can't stand Russian dolls.... They're so full of themselves.
I remember the first time I saw a universal remote controller. I thought to myself "well, this changes everything..."
I got this extra electron I didn't want. My friend said "don't be so negative."
A boat builder is showing his son one of his forests. He turns to him and says, "Son, one day this will all be oars"
Molestation is a touchy subject.
I’ve decided to put up a marquee in my garden with some funky music and flashing lights. Now is the winter of my disco tent.
I was thinking about moving to Moscow but there is no point Russian into things.
I met a Dutch girl with inflatable shoes last week, I phoned her up for a date but she'd popped her clogs.
My New Years resolution is to stop leaving things so late.
Did you hear about the man who gave up making haggis? He didn't have the guts for it anymore.
Retrospective baddadjoke: Why are there no pain killers in the jungle? Because parrots-eat-em-all
Sometimes I squat on the floor, put my arms around my legs and lean forward. That's how I roll.
Got lost in a corn field today, it was a-maize-ing.
I needed a password eight characters long so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
Just out buying some new chairs for the house, sofa so good.
My wife told me I was average, I think she's mean.
I was going to tell a dairy joke, but it was too cheesy.
Just had my first round of golf. I'm not very good, in fact I've got a fairway to go.
My daughter just lost her mood ring, really don't know how she feels about it.
I told a friend I was off to California this summer. He told me to be more pacific... so I went to Hawaii instead...
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge.
Why is there a long line at the cemetery? Because people are dying to get in.
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
I'm starting a band called 1023mb We'll never get a gig.
What's Forest Gump's Facebook password? 1forest1
A photon checks into a hotel. Receptionist: "May I take your bags sir?" Photon: "I don't have any bags, I'm travelling light."
Melon 1: "Let's run away and get married." Melon 2: "Sorry but I Cantaloupe."
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
I lost my job last week. Unemployment is not working for me.
A termite walks into a bar and asks "Is the bar tender here?"
Hitler was surprised by the Invasion of Normandy. He did nazi that coming.
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
So, I asked my North Korean mate how his life was going? He said "can't complain"
Just quit my job at Starbucks because day after day it was the same old grind.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it, it was a shitzu.
Why is Saudi Arabia free of mental illness? Because No-mad people live there.
Without geometry life is pointless.
I broke my guitar string last night. Don't fret, I had another.
Had a new beaver curry last night. It's like a normal curry, just a bit 'otter.
Went to the corner shop today... Bought four corners.
Have you heard the conspiracy about Russian allotments. It's all just a communist plot.
My uncle works with Digital radios. You could say he’s a DAB hand.
I dreamt about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don't think it's feline well.
Why do the French only put one egg in an omelette? Because one egg is un oeuf.
The other day someone left plasticine in my house. I didn't know what to make of it.
What happens when you tell an egg a joke? It cracks up.
How do you make holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
Sorry I've been away for a while, I was at the fabric shop looking for new material.
I've just been to a very emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
I stayed up all night to find out where the sun went, then it dawned on me...
I went to the doctor today and he told me I had type A blood but it was a type O.
Today a girl said she recognised me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
Jokes about German sausages are the wurst.
I tried to throw a ball at a cloud. I mist.
I woke up with a face full of rice. I must've fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pilau.
I couldn't pay for my coffee because my wallet was in my other pair of moccachinos. I got it for free. Thanks a latté @lashingsbristol!
I cut my finger chopping cheese, but I think that I may have grater problems.
First rule of Thesaurus Club. You don't talk, converse, discuss, speak, chat, deliberate, confer, gab, gossip or natter about Thesaurus Club
Don't have a Findus lasagne before bed. You'll have a nightMARE.
How does a muppet die? Apparently, it kermits suicide.
What did the Mexican say to his chicken? Oh-lay!
A pet shop was ransacked last week... ...there are currently no leads.
How do you drown a hipster? In the mainstream.
Sleeping comes naturally to me. I can do it with my eyes closed.
I ate some rotten chicken last night. Now I feel fowl.
There is a new disease found in margarine... Apparently it spreading very easily.
What do you call an Italian with a rubber toe? Roberto
Why do crabs never give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
What is Santa's favourite pizza? One that's deep pan, crisp and even.
People are making apocalypse jokes like there's no tomorrow.
Someone called me pretentious the other day... I almost choked on my latte.
My mate dug a hole in the garden and filled it with water....I think he meant well.
What's your favourite Christmas Cracker Joke? Here's one of mine: "What's ET short for? Because he's only got little legs."
If you're struggling to think of what to get someone for Christmas. Get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it.
A mate of mine has admitted to being addicted to break fluid. I'm worried but he says he can stop whenever he wants.
Start a new job in Seoul next week. I thought it was a good Korea move.
Soya Milk. Looked in your fridge.
A book just fell on my head. I've only got myshelf to blame.
Bloody thespians, always making a scene.
My dad fought in the war and survived mustard gas and pepper spray. He is now classed as a seasoned veteran.
This thesaurus isn't just terrible, it is also terrible.
I am terrified of elevators. I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
Need an ark to save two of every animal? I Noah guy.
What did the father say to the son who was going fishing? Let minnow when you get there.
I am delighted with the corn crop this year. It's A-maize-ing.
How does Moses make his tea? Hebrews it.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Why do accountants look so good in heels? Because they never lose their balance.
I'll stop at nothing to avoid using negative numbers.
Wind turbines. I'm a big fan!
What's the definition o a good farmer? A man outstanding in his field.
Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because it was well armed.
Why does a Moon-rock taste better than an Earth-rock? Because it's a little meteor.
I fired my masseuse today. She rubbed me up the wrong way.
A red and a blue ship have just collided in the Caribbean. Apparently the survivors are marooned.
Breaking news! A hurricane has just hit the the main cheese factory in France. All that's left is de-Brie.
I'm glad I know sign language, it's pretty handy.
I like sea food. I often just have it for the halibut.
A girl walks into a bar and asked for a double entendre. So the barman gave her one.
I took the shell off of my racing snail to see if it went any faster. If anything though, it just made it more sluggish.
I've deleted the phone numbers of all the Germans I know from my mobile phone. Now it's Hans free.
Was kept awake last night by someone flashing a light in my face. It was torch-ure.
My wife said to me "Your lack of originality is pathetic."I said "Yeah, well your lack of originality is pathetic."
It was really hard overcoming my addiction to the hokey cokey. But I turned myself around and that’s what it’s all about.
"I saw a documentary on how ships are kept together. Riveting!" Stewart Francis
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the telly.
My wife just split up with me because I've got a pasta fetish. I'm feeling cannelloni right now.
I'm thinking about getting a new haircut... I'm going to mullet over.
Had a bowl of scotch broth for lunch today... It was souper hot.
I got really quick service at the fish and chip shop. It was very e-fish-ent
How do you organise a space party? You planet.
What did one bird say to the other cheating parrot? Toucan play at that game.
What's wrong with the Southern French's trousers? They're Toulouse.
How much does a hipster weigh? An instagram.
A photon enters a hotel. Porter: 'Need any help with your luggage?' Photon: 'No thanks, I'm travelling light'
Give me ambiguity or give me something else.
A banker came home from work today worried about his job. He said its in the balance.
What do you call a group of killer whales playing instruments? An Orca-stra.
A man has taken @British_Airways to court after they misplaced his luggage. He lost his case.
Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? He's all right now.
Why was the big cat disqualified from the race? Because it was a cheetah.
What do you call a man with rabbits living in his bum? Warren
A man walked in to a bar with some asphalt on his arm. He said "Two beers please, one for me and one for the road."
It's so hard to think of another chemistry joke... All the good ones Argon.
Why do people dislike mushrooms? Because they're made from Toads Stools...
There was so much fighting on our Easter camping trip... it was in-tents.
I'm off to Nairobi in the Summer. Kenya believe it?
My first girlfriend's name was Ivy... she was all over me.
Helvetica walks into a bar. The barman says "We don't serve your type around here."
Argon walks into a bar. The barman says "Get the hell out!" Argon doesn't react.
Just watched a documentary about beavers... It was the best damn program I've ever seen.
Last night it was raining cats and dogs... I stepped in a poodle.
I thought about being a juggler, but I didn't have the balls.
My mate got a job as a lion's hairdresser at the zoo today. He is literally the mane man.
I'm not as think as you drunk I am.
I'm thinking about moving to France... I've got nothing Toulouse.
Watershed joke: A baker was caught bonking his bread loaves. They say he was inbread.
I enjoy using the comedy technique of self-deprecation – but I’m not very good at it.
My wife... its difficult to say what she does... She sells seashells on the seashore.
A poker player loses his arm in a nasty accident. He's now got a prosthetic replacement. He just can't deal with it.
A girl invited me back to her place last night for champagne... It turned out it was real pain.
Theres a new type of pillow made from corduroy... Its making headlines.
What did the father say to his crying son at his Indian themed birthday party? It's chapatti and you can cry if you want to.
Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested - charged with battery.
Wow who saw that coming? Harry Potter and News of the World two of the Biggest selling modern fiction publications ending in the same week.
I went in to a pet shop. I said 'Can I buy a goldfish?' The guy said, 'Do you want an aquarium?' I said 'I don't care what star sign it is.'
A man was found today vacuum cleaning the top of nelsons column without any safety equipment. Police say he was Dyson with death.
A man went to A&E at the weekend who swallowed 12 plastic horses. Don't worry the doctors describe his condition as stable.
Conjunctivitis.com - now that's a site for sore eyes.
A guy walks into the psychiatrist wearing only clingfilm for shorts. The shrink says, "Well, I can clearly see you're nuts."
WIMBLEDON SPECIAL Why should you never fall in love with a tennis player? To them, "Love" means nothing.
I went to the doctor the other day I said 'have you got anything for wind' so he gave me a kite.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says "we don't serve food here."
The recruitment consultant asked me "What do you think of voluntary work?" I said "I wouldn't do it if you paid me."
An ice cream man was found lying on the floor of his van covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.
"Doctor, I've broken my arm in several places" Doctor "Well don't go to those places."
A boiled egg in the morning is hard to beat.
I'm on a whiskey diet. I've lost three days already.
What do you do with chemists when they die? We barium.
Pretty appropriate. Seven days without a pun makes one weak.
Hand me my Mondeo, my semidetached house, my unloved wife, my unfulfilling job, my xbox kids. Twitter, I am your dad and I tell bad jokes.
What type of onion is the best painkiller? A-sprin' onion...
Just passed a manicurist and a dentist quarreling in the street- they were fighting tooth and nail.
I fear for the calendar, it's days are numbered.
I buy a different brand of cling flim every time I go to the shops. Just to keep things fresh.
The advantages of origami are twofold.
There's a new type of broom out, it's sweeping the nation.
Atheism is a non-prophet organisation.
I went to a seafood disco last night and pulled a muscle.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. A strong currant pulled him in.
Sometimes I drink my whiskey neat. Other times I take off my tie and untuck my shirt.
I don't want to sound big headed but I wear extra large hats.
My friend said "You remind me of a ketchup bottle", I said "I'll take that as a condiment".
Slept like a log last night ... woke up in the fireplace.
Exit signs - they're on the way out aren't they.
What did the fish say when it swam into a wall? Damn!
A cat hijacked a plane, stuck a pistol to the pilots ribs and said "TAKE ME TO THE CANARIES!"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian - they're not laughing now.
One arm butlers - they can take it, but they can't dish it out.
A shark will only attack you if you're wet
Beware of alphabet grenades, they might spell disaster.
What cheese can never be yours? Nacho cheese.
Last night I saw this guy chatting up a cheetah at the bar. I thought 'he's trying to pull a fast one.'
My housemate opened the fridge last night and threw a block of cheese at me. I said "That's mature."
A police officer caught two kids playing with a firework and a car battery. He charged one and let the other one off.
I used to be indecisive, but now I'm not quite sure.
Why are there no pain killers in the jungle? Because parrots-eat-em-all
I'm reading a book on the history of glue - can't put it down.
Albinos - can't say fairer than that.
Velcro... What a rip-off.
A man walks into a butcher. The butcher bets him £5 he can't guess a shelf of meat's weight. Man replies "I cant, the steaks are too high."
Q:  What's a good name for a straigh-back camel? A:  Humphrey!  *Get it?*
Q:  If a King sits on gold, who sits on silver? A:  The Lone Ranger!
Q:  Why did the outlaw carry a bottle of glue when he robbed the stagecoach? A:  So he could stick up the passengers!
Q:  What does a train do when an outlaw chases it? A:  It makes tracks!
Q:  Why did the cowboy brush his teeth with gunpowder? A:  So he could shoot off his mouth!
Q:  What kind of figures do the most walking? A: Roamin' numerals!
Q: What is the difference between the North and South Pole? A: All the difference in the world!
Q: Guess who I saw today? A: Everybody I looked at!
Q: Why is an engaged woman like a telephone? A: Because they both have rings!
Q: Why was the mummy sent into the game as a pinch hitter? A: With a mummy at bat, the game would be all wrapped up!
Q: What kind of horses frighten rangers? A: Night Mares!
Q: Did you know Popeye was a sweet potato? A: Well, he does say, "I Yam what I Yam"!
Q: Where does the Lone Ranger take his trash? A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump, dump, dump!
Q: Did you hear about the coach that flooded the gym? A: He wanted to send in a sub!
Q: Why are birds poor? A: Because money doesn't grow on trees!
Q: What drives a baseball batter crazy? A: A pitcher that throws a screwball!
Q: Why is a scrambled egg like a losing ball team? A: Because both are beaten!
Q: What do you get if you cross a big bell and an outlaw? A: A Gongster!
Q: What do you call a lazy butcher? A: A Meat-loafer!
Q: What is the first thing you put into a room? A: Your feet!
Q: What is a sound sleeper? A: Someone who snores!
Q: What does a cowboy say to his horse after a 100 mile ride? A: Whoa!
Q: What part of a cowboy's outfit is the saddest? A: His blue jeans!
Q: What is a monter's favorite necklace? A: A choker!
Q: What kind of fur do you get from an outlaw? A: As fur as you can get!
Q: What is the safest way to talk to an outlaw? A: By long distance!
Q: What do you call an outlaw with cotton stuffed in his ears? A: Anything you want!  He can't hear you!
Q: Why do postmen carry letters? A: Because the letters can't go anywhere by themselves!
Q: How do you make friends with a computer? A: Bit by bit!
Q: Who always goes to bed with shoes on? A: A horse!
Q: Why is a toupee like a secret? A: Because you keep it under your hat!
Q: Why are potatoes so afraid of Indians? A: They don't want to get scalloped!
Q: What kind of music did the cowboy make when he threw a stone in the Rio Grande? A: Plunk rock!!!!!
Q: Why did the cowboy saddle up the phonograph record? A: He wanted to be a disk jockey!
Q: What did the victim say when the outlaw stuffed a dirty piece of cloth in his mouth? A: That's an old gag!
Q: What was Billy the Kid's favorite subject in school? A: Triggernometry!
Q: Who pulled the biggest holdup in history? A: Atlas--he held up the whole world!
Q: What do you call an outlaw armed with four loaded revolvers? A: Sir!
Q:  What happens when you throw a green rock in the red sea? A:  It gets wet!
Q:  Why shouldn't you tell a secret to a pig? A:  Because it is a squealer!
Q:  Where do frogs sit? A:  On toadstools!
Q:  If a man were born in Greece, raised in Spain, came to America, and died in San Francisco, what is he? A:  Dead!
Q:  Why did the man have to fix his car horn? A:  Because it didn't give a hoot!
Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw butter out of the window? A:  He wanted to see a butter fly.
Q:  Why did the nutty kid throw a glass of water out the window? A:  Because he wanted to see a water fall!
Q:  What paper makes you itch? A:  Scratch paper!
Q:  What can you break without touching it? A:  Your promise!
Q:  A man was driving a black truck with the lights out.  There was no moon.  A lady was crossing the street.  How did he see her? A:  It was daytime!
Q:  What animal makes the most of its food? A:  The giraffe.  It makes a little go a long way!
Q:  What is the weather always like in Mexico? A:  Chili today, hot tamale!
Q:  What time is the same spelled backwards or forwards? A:  Noon!
Q:  What do you get if you cross an insect and a rabbit? A:  Bugs Bunny!
Q:  Why aren't there any stories about beds? A:  They haven't been made up yet!
Q:  What did the tree say to the woodpecker? A:  You bore me!
Q:  What color was Napoleon's white horse? A:  duh.
Q:  When do you put a clock in the oven? A:  When you want to have a hot time!
Q:  What ten letter word starts with g-a-s? A:  Automobile!
Q:  If you want to get rich, why should you just shut up? A:  Because silence is golden!
Q:  What can be drawn without any drawing utensil? A:  Breath!
Q:  What goes around a yard but doesn't move? A:  A fence!
Q:  What is a calf after it is six months old? A:  Seven months old!
Q:  What kind of fruit has a short temper? A:  A crab apple!
Q:  What kind of watch is best for people who don't like time on their hands? A:  A pocket watch!
Q:  What always comes into the house through the keyhole? A:  A key!
Q:  What has four legs and a back but no body? A:  A chair!
Q:  What kind of electricity do they have in Washington? A:  D.C.!
Q:  What did the man do when he got a big gas bill? A:  He exploded!
Q:  What is the best day to go to the beach? A:  On a Sun Day!
Q:  How can you tell the difference between a can of chicken soup and a can of tomato soup? A:  Read the label!
Q:  What trees come in two's? A:  Pear Trees!
Q:  What insect runs away from everything? A:  A Flee!
Q:  What does Brazil produce that no other country produces? A:  Brazillians!
Q:  What people are like the end of a book? A:  The Finnish!
Q:  Who never gets his hair wet in the shower? A:  A bald man!
Q:  What did the light say to the girl? A:  Turn me on!
Q:  What did the big chimney say to the little chimney? A:  You're too young to smoke!
Q:  Why do firemen wear red suspenders? A:  To keep their pants up!
Q:  Who can marry a lot of wives and still be single? A:  A minister!
Q:  Why do we buy clothes? A:  Because we can't get them free!
Q:  If six people and two dogs were under an umbrella, why didn't any of them get wet? A:  Because it wasn't raining!
Q:  What piece of wood is like a king? A:  A ruler!
Q:  What did the muffler say to the car owner? A:  "Boy, am I exhausted!"
Q:  Why did the window pane blush? A:  It saw the weather strip!
Q:  Where do crying children go? A:  To the bawl park!
Q:  What has fifty heads and fifty tails? A:  Fifty pennies!
Q:  When is the vet busiest? A:  When it rains cats and dogs!
Q:  What is the difference between a bus driver and a cold? A:  One knows the stops, the other stops the nose!
Q:  What do you call a sick crocodile? A:  An illigator!
Q:  If you fell of a ladder, what would you fall against? A:  Against your will!
Q:  Why shouldn't you make fun of fat people? A:  Because it's not nice to poke fun at someone's expanse!
Q:  If an apple a day keeps the dentist away, what will an onion do? A:  Keep everyone away!
Q:  Where do squirrels go when they go insane? A:  To the nut house!
Q:  What do you have if your head is hot, your feet are cold, and you see spots in front of your eyes? A:  You probably have a polka-dotted sock over your head!
Q:  When do you have acute pain? A:  When you own a pretty window!
Q:  When was medicine first mentioned in the Bible? A:  When moses recieved the two tablets!
Q:  What happened when the dog swallowed the watch? A:  He got a lot of ticks!
Q:  How did the kid get a flat nose? A:  He was told to keep it to the grindstone!
Q:  What is the healthiest kind of water? A:  Well water!
Q:  What is the perfect cure for dandruff? A:  Baldness!
Q:  What did the dentist say to the golfer? A:  You have a hole in one!
Q:  What do you get if you put your hand in a pot? A:  A potted palm!
Q:  What happened when the icicle landed on the man's head? A:  It knocked him cold!
Q:  Where do animals go when they lose their tails? A:  To a retail store!
Q:  What did the doctor say to the patient when he finished the operation? A:  That's enough out of you!
Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed? A:  When you see eye-to-eye with yourself!
Q:  How can you tell if you are cross-eyed? A:  Try looking in a mirror!
Q:  What is the best way to cure acid indigestion? A:  Stop drinking acid!
Q:  What did the farmer use to cure his sick hog? A:  Oinkment!
Q:  What do you call a person who doesn't have all his fingers on one hand? A:  Normal.  Most people have their fingers spread over two hands!
Q:  What happened to the horse that swallowed a dollar bill? A:  He bucked!
Q:  How was the blind carpenter able to see? A:  He picked up his hammer and saw!
Q:  How can you tell if a bucket is not well? A:  When it is a little pail!
Q:  What do you call a sheep that is covered in chocolate? A:  A Hershey baaa!
Q:  How do you make an eggroll? A:  Push it!
Q:  Why is it dangerous to do math in a cannibal's den? A:  Because if you add 4 and 4, you get ate!
Q:  What is a pie in the sky? A:  A flying pizza!
Q:  Why did the farmer plant sugar cubes? A:  Because he wanted to raise cane!
Q:  Why did the woman eat bullets? A:  Because she wanted her hair to grow in bangs!
Q:  Do ministers ever use operator assistance? A:  No.  They always go parson to parson!
Q:  Why did the orchestra have bad manners? A:  It didn't know how to conduct itself!
Q:  What do you call a crazy pickle? A:  A daffy dill!
Q:  What do ghosts eat for lunch? A:  Boo-loney sandwiches!
Q:  What does the Swamp Thing like for desert? A:  Marsh-mellows!
Q:  What kind of eggs does an evil chicken lay? A:  Deviled eggs!
Q:  What hired killer never goes to jail? A:  The exterminator!
Q:  What is a boxer's favorite drink? A:  Punch!
Q:  Which hand should you use to stir tea? A:  Neither.  Use a spoon!
Q:  What is small, purple, and dangerous? A:  A grape with a machine gun!
Q:  What gun does a police dog use? A:  A dogmatic!
Q:  Where do tough chickens come from? A:  From hard-boiled eggs!
Q:  How do you tell when a bell is obedient? A:  If it only rings when tolled!
Q:  What kind of food do brave soldiers eat? A:  Hero sandwiches!
Q:  What is stolen candy? A:  Hot chocolate!
Q:  What do well behaved young lambs say to their mothers? A:  Thank ewe!
Q:  What is the last thing you eat before you die? A:  You bite the dust!
Q:  What do you get if you cross an elephant with a Boy Scout? A:  A real big uniform!
Q:  What is the grossest kind of cookie? A:  A snicker-doo-doo!
Q:  What happens to evil pigs? A:  They become deviled ham!
Q:  Why did the turkey cross the road? A:  To get to Mexico, where they don't celebrate Thanksgiving!
Q:  What do mice wear to school on gym day? A:  Squeakers!
Q:  Why did the elephant put ketchup in his navel? A:  Cause he wanted eat French Fries lying down!
Q:  Why didn't the Mad Scientist allow the sick eagle in his laboratory? A:  Because it was illeagle! *get it?*
Q:  Why did the mad scientist put an elastic band around his forehead? A:  So he could stretch his imagination!
Q:  How do cowboys watch t.v. when they're out on the range? A:  By saddle lights!
Q:  What do you call a cat who eats a lemon? A:  A sourpuss!
Q:  Who is bigger:  Mr Bigger or his baby? A:  Mr. Bigger's baby is a little Bigger!
Q:  How many seconds are in a year? A:  12 - January 2nd, February 2nd...
Q:  How does Santa Claus take care of his yard? A:  With a hoe, hoe, hoe!
Q:  What did the envelope say when the boy licked it? A:  Nothing - it shut up!
Q:  First you see a red mill.  Then there's a walk at the end.   Then there's a key.  What is it? A:  Milwaukee!
Q:  What is a monster's favorite team? A:  The Giants!
Q:  What American has the largest family? A:  George Washington - He's the Father of our Country!
Q:  Did you hear about the fight in the Candy Store? A:  Two suckers got licked!
Q:  What state in the U.S. is the happiest? A:  Merry Land!
Q:  What did the candles say to the birthday cake? A:  These birthdays really burn me up!
Q:  Why did the orange stop in the middle of the road? A:  Because it ran out of juice!
Q:  Why do flies walk on the ceiling? A:  If they walked on the floor, someone might step on them!
Q:  What is a foreign ant? A:  ImportAnt!
Q:  Why do hippies study the stars? A:  Because they are so far out!
Q:  Why did the farmer put rusted out cars in his garden? A:  He wanted to raise a bumper crop!
Q:  How can you eat an egg without breaking its shell? A:  Ask someone else to break it!
Q:  Why does a baby duck walk softly? A:  Because it is a baby and can't walk, hardly!
Q:  What helps keep your teeth together? A:  Toothpaste!
Q:  What brings the monster's babies? A:  Frankenstork!
Q:  Did you hear the story about the Peacock? A:  It's a beautiful tail!
Q:  What bugs are good at math? A:  Mosquitos: they add to misery, subtract from fun, and multiply fast!
Q:  Why did the mouse want to move? A:  She was tired of living in a hole in the wall!
Q:  How can you tell a cat that likes rain? A:  Because when it rains it purrs!
Q:  Why do bees hum? A:  Because they don't know the words!
Q:  Who settled in the West before anyone else? A:  The Sun!
Q:  What is a distant relative? A:  Someone who is not living with you!
Q:  What is the biggest ant? A:  An ELEPHant!
Q:  What is smaller than an ant's mouth? A:  An ant's dinner!
Q:  How can you spell too much with just two letters? A:  XS!
Q:  What is the hottest part of a man's face? A:  His sideburns!
Q:  What fish has the lowest voice? A:  A bass!
Q:  When was beef at its highest? A:  When the cow jumped over the moon!
Q:  What person is always yelling? A:  The I Scream Man!
Q:  What kind of theif has to be really strong? A:  A shoplifter!
Q:  What kind of house weighs the least? A:  A Lighthouse!
Q:  What is the hardest thing about learning to roller skate? A:  The ground!
Q:  What coat has the most sleeves? A:  A coat of arms!
Q:  What fruit has been known since man invented the calendar? A:  Dates!
Q:  What is purple and 5,000 miles long? A:  The Grape Wall of China!
Q:  Why do we dress baby girls in pink and baby boys in blue? A:  Because they can't dress themselves!
Q:  Where can you always find health, wealth, and happiness? A:  In the dictionary!
Q:  Why is the dictionary dangerous? A:  Because it has Dynamite and Arsenic in it!
Q:  A man who worked in a butcher shop was 6 feet tall, had red hair, and wore size 11 shoes.  What did he weigh? A:  Meat!
Q:  How does a coffee pot feel when it is hot? A:  Perky!
Q:  What did the two vampires do from midnight to 12:10? A:  They took a coffin break!
Q:  What do people in England call little black cats? A:  Kittens!
Q:  Why did the man put his money in the refrigerator? A:  To make some cold cash!
Q:  How do you make a Venetian blind? A:  Poke a finger in its eye!
Q:  What is a stupid flower? A:  A Blooming Idiot!
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat? A:  Because they don't know how to cook!
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat? A:  Because they can't light their Coleman stove!
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat? A:  Because they have to much trouble fitting it on the shishkebab!
Q:  Why do lions eat raw meat? A:  Because the stove is broken!
Q:  What can you do with old bowling balls? A:  Give them to elephants to shoot marbles!
Q:  Dogs have fleas.  What do Sheep have? A:  Fleece!
Q:  Did Adam and Eve ever have a date? A:  No, they had an apple!
Q:  What do you call a Volkswagon filled with cookies? A:  Farfignewton!
Q:  What is a bulldozer? A:  Someone who sleeps while a polititian is making a speech!
Q:  Where do trees keep their money? A:  In branch banks!
Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese? A:  Mice!
Q:  If cheese comes on top of hamburger, what comes after cheese? A:  The cheese police!
Q:  Where do fish keep their money? A:  In river banks!
Q:  Where do Eskimos keep their money? A:  In snowbanks!
Q:  Where do hogs keep their money? A:  In piggy banks!
Q:  Where do vampires keep their money? A:  In blood banks!
Q:  Where do mummies swim? A:  In the Dead Sea!
Q:  What is the best way to eat spaghetti? A:  Well, first open your mouth....
Q:  What happened when Abel died? A:  He became Unable!
Q:  What did the little light bulb say to its mom? A:  I wuv you watts and watts!
Q:  Why do wallets make so much noise? A:  Because money talks!
Q:  What happens to a refrigerator when you pull the plug? A:  It loses its cool!
Q:  How many skunks does it take to make a big stink? A:  A phew!
Q:  What does an invisible baby drink? A:  Evaporated milk!
Q:  What runs around all day and then lies under the bed with its tongue hanging out? A:  Your shoe!
Q:  What did King Kong say when he saw the Statue of Liberty? A:  "Hi, mom!"
Q:  What lottery did the broom win? A:  The sweepstakes!
Q:  Why does a chicken lay an egg? A:  Because if she dropped it, it would break!
Q:  Why do you always start to walk with the right foot first? A:  Because when you move one foot, the other is always left behind!
Q:  When do you swallow your words? A:  When you eat alphabet soup!
Q:  What is the difference between a greedy person and an electric toaster? A:  One takes the most and the other makes the toast!
Q:  Is it better to write on a full or an empty stomach? A:  Neither.  You'll find that paper works best!
Q:  What kind of bird is always around when there is anything to eat or drink? A:  A swallow?
Q:  Why are identical twins like a broken alarm clock? A:  Because they are dead ringers!
Q:  Why don't scarecrows have any fun? A:  Because they are stuffed shirts!
Q:  How do you make a cigarette lighter? A:  Take out the tobacco!
Q:  How do you make notes of stone? A:  Rearrange the letters!
Q:  What kind of umbrella did Louis XII carry in the rain? A:  A wet one!
Q:  Why does the stork stand on one leg only? A:  If he lifted it, he would fall down!
Q:  What is the difference between a banana and a bell? A:  You can only peal a banana once!
Q:  What invention allows you to see through walls? A:  A window!