Lamb's Law of Computing: "It often works better when you plug it in".
Cane's Theorem:"The remaining work to finish, in order to reach your goal, increases as the deadline approaches"
Tuckwell's Axiom:"If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, the first woodpecker would destroy civilisation"
Patel's Third Law:"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistiguishable from Magick"
Fox's Theory: "The more senior management who come to watch your demo, the lower your chances are of it working properly"
M.D. to Sales Manager: "That salesman doesn't look as well dressed now as he did when he joined us 5 years ago"; Sales Manager: "I'm sure its the same suit . . ."
Computer Salesman: "This is going to be a real battle of wits" Sales Manager: "How brave of you to go in unarmed "
Q: What's the difference between a computer salesman and a car salesman? A: The car salesman knows when he's lying.
Prosecutor: Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people? Doctor: ALL my autopsies have been on dead people.
In june 1974 the voters of a town in Western Australia re-elected as mayor the man whose death had caused the election in the first place.
Madness takes its toll.  Please have exact change.
Always proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
Don't be so open-minded your brains fall out.
Help Wanted: Telepath.  You know where to apply.
Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd.  All wights wesewved.
This message is brought to you by The Department of Redundancy Department
What has four legs and an arm?  A happy pit bull.
My software never has bugs.  It just develops random features.
The information went data way -------->
Best file compression around:  "DEL *.*" = 100% compression
BUFFERS=20 FILES=15 2nd down, 4th quarter, 5 yards to go!
C:\> Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner.
Southern DOS: Y'all reckon? (Yep/Nope)
Backups? We don' *NEED* no steenking backups.
>... File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
An error?  Impossible!  My modem is error correcting.
Windows: Just another pane in the glass.
SENILE.COM found . . . Out Of Memory . . .
RAM disk is *not* an installation procedure.
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI!
Error: Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue.
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." - Bill Gates, 1981
Excuse me for butting in, but I'm interrupt-driven.
git pull a day keeps the conflicts away
Commit early, commit often. A tip for version controlling - not for relationships
A branch, a tag, and a reflog walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this, some sort of rebase?"
Why did the commit cross the rebase? To git to the other repo
git-sweep: It's brooms, all the way down.
Nurture your git-twigs and they will grow into a full branch
Knock knock. Who's there? Git. Git-who? Sorry, 'who' is not a git command - did you mean 'show'?
It's big, it's heavy, it's wood! git-log, from BLAMMO!
Now with more indirect cycling giraffes!
git-prune: not as tasty as git-cherry, but much better for you
Keep good care of your git-shell and your inner snail will thank you
In Soviet Russia, git commits YOU!
git: May the forks be with you
Yo dawg we heard you like commits so we put some commits in your tree so you can add submodules while you commit
We're gits on the moon! We format our patches! But there ain't no stashes so we code bad branches and rebase our commits!
diff in hell, SVNites!
git-gud is not recognized as an internal or external command
git: all your rebase are belong to us
Git gets easier once you get the basic idea that branches are homeomorphic endofunctors mapping submanifolds of a Hilbert space.
DaftPunk.git: clone it, fetch it, merge it, push it; pull it, log it, cherry-pick it
iGit 2.5 S: THE NEW GIT | MORE PERSONAL | MORE HIPSTER | THE MOST GIT SINCE GIT
War is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength, svn is version control
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." (Bill Gates, 1981)
"Are your cookies made with real Girl Scouts?"
"Graphic Artist seeks Boss with vision impairment."
"Ground Beef" -- A Cow With No Legs!
"Hex Dump" - Where Witches put used curses?
"I'd like all your $20 bills in this bag", "To go".
...I love children!  They taste just like chicken.
...So simple a child could do it?  Go find me a child!
1 + 2 = 3; Therefore, 4 + 5 = 6.
50 states, and I had to pick one of confusion...
74% of all statistics are made up on the spot
A .45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
A big enough hammer can usually fix anything.
A bird in the hand is a big mistake.
A career is a job that takes about 20 more hours a week.
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
A cynic smells flowers and looks for the casket.
A field upgrade,HAL. We're going to make you IBM compatible.
A fool with a tool is a well-equipped fool
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket.
Always remember you're unique - just like everyone else.
Am I ignorant or apathetic?  I don't know and don't care!
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature.
Anything not nailed down is a cat toy.
Bank Rule: To get a loan, first prove you don't need it.
Be kind to animals.....Take your Boss to lunch......
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air.
Careful.  I know Karate and a few other foreign words.
Circular Definition: see Definition, Circular.
Committee: A body that keeps minutes and wastes hours.
Curiosity didn't kill the cat. I got 'im with the mower!
Dentist's famous last words: "You won't feel a thing..."
Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular.
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion?
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do NOT look into laser with remaining eye..
Do radioactive cats have eighteen half-lives?
Do you always hit the nail right on the thumb?
Does "PIRATE" software come with a treasure map?
Dog for sale: eats anything and is fond of children
Don't look now, but your file is unzipped.
Excuse me if I sound bitter....I taste that way too
Expert: "ex"=a has-been. "spert"=a drip under pressure.
Floppy Disk = Lower back trouble.
Give a man an inch, and he thinks he's a ruler.
Go ahead, correct my typos.  I'll make more.
Gotta run, the cat's caught in the printer again...
Help stamp out, eliminate, and abolish redundancy!
Hot water Heaters:  hot water needs heating?
How did I get round from eating square meals?
How do you keep a turkey in suspense?
I am not 40, I'm 18 with 22 years experience
I can keep a secret.  It's the people I tell that can't
I have a firm grip on reality.  Now I can strangle it.
I have but three enemies: fear, anger, ignorance.
I idiot-proof my programs, & along comes a bigger idiot.
I just took an IQ test.  The results were negative.
I like your approach, now let's see your departure
I may have my faults, but being wrong ain't one of them.
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle.
I think, therefore I am, I think
I thought I was a wit, and I was half right.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but they can swim.
I was on a roll, till I slipped on the butter.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous
I'd love to, but I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'd love to, but I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'd love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
I'd love to, but my patent is pending.
I'd love to, but my uncle escaped again.
I'll get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week.
I'm in shape ... round's a shape isn't it?
I'm not a complete idiot - several parts are missing.
I'm not afraid of heights; I'm afraid of widths.
I'm not dead, I'm metabolically challenged.
I'm not lost, I'm "locationally challenged."
I'm not paranoid! Which of my enemies told you this?
I'm not worthless.  I can always serve as a bad example.
I'm spending a year dead for tax purposes.
I've met zucchini with more potential than you.
If corn oil comes from corn, where does baby oil . . .
If I throw a cat out the car window, is it kitty litter?
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy folks?
If it screams, it's not food, yet....
In zen skiing, you learn to become one with the snow.
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
It's not a BUG, it's an undocumented feature!
Jesus saves....Passes to Moses....He shoots!  HE SCORES!
Junk - stuff we throw away.  Stuff - junk we keep.
Kinky: Using A Feather. Sick: Using The Whole Chicken
Lots of people make sense, I want to make $$$
May your screen live long and phosphor.
Me, indecisive?  I don't think I am, do you?
Minds, like parachutes, work best when open.
My boss is tempermental.  50% temper and 50% mental.
Never hit a man with glasses.  Use your fist!
Never insult 7 men when all you're packing is a 6-shooter
Of all the people I've met, you're certainly one of 'em.
Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most!
Philosophy:  unintelligible answers to insoluble problems
Plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.
Polls show that 9 out of 6 schizophrenics agree.
Procrastination Day Has Been Postponed!
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Some days you're the windshield, some days the bug.
Sure I can help you out!  Which way did you come in?
Take my advice, I don't use it anyway.
The best defense against logic is stupidity.
The most expensive component is the one that breaks.
The tuna doesn't taste the same without the dolphin.
There is no such thing as bravery; only degrees of fear.
This is your brain.  Postscript on brain your is This.
Three can keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
To every exception there is a rule.
Took an hour to bury the cat.  Silly thing kept moving...
Trespassers will be shot, survivors will be shot again!
Two can live as cheaply as one, for half as long.
We'll burn that bridge when we come to it.
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread?
When a cow laughs, does milk come up its nose?
Who is General Failure, and *WHY* is he reading my disk?
You are an example of why some animals eat their young.
You're not losing more hair, you're gaining more scalp.
You've obviously been educated beyond your intelligence.
Don't blame me, it's San Andrea's fault
Cats have 9 lives.  Do radioactive cats have 18 half-lives?
We're testing as QWK as we can
What is the highest pyramid in the world?  Amway.
SYSTEM ERROR: press F13 to continue...
"@#$%*!  I've struck oil", Tom said, crudely.
Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home.
3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't.
Why is "abbreviation" such a long word?
Don't use a big word where a diminutive one will suffice.
For people who like peace and quiet: a phoneless cord.
I can see clearly now, the brain is gone...
The beatings will continue until morale improves.
I used up all my sick days, so I'm calling in dead.
Mental Floss prevents Moral Decay.
Madness takes its toll. Please have exact change.
Proofread carefully to see if you any words out.
There cannot be a crisis today; my schedule is already full.
I'd explain it to you, but your brain would explode.
Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?
A conclusion is simply the place where you got tired of thinking.
I don't have a solution but I admire the problem.
Don't be so open-minded your brains will fall out.
If at first you DO succeed, try not to look astonished!
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... till you can find a rock.
Diplomacy - the art of letting someone have your way.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest have to drown too?
If things get any worse, I'll have to ask you to stop helping me.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary forms.
Don't look back, they might be gaining on you.
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
Help Wanted: Telepath. You know where to apply.
Look out for #1. Don't step in #2 either.
Budget: A method for going broke methodically.
Car service: If it ain't broke, we'll break it.
Shin: A device for finding furniture in the dark.
Do witches run spell checkers?
Demons are a Ghouls best Friend.
Copywight 1994 Elmer Fudd. All wights wesewved.
Dain bramaged.
Department of Redundancy Department
Headline: Bear takes over Disneyland in Pooh D'Etat!
What has four legs and an arm? A happy pit bull.
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted.
Buy a Pentium 586/90 so you can reboot faster.
2 + 2 = 5 for extremely large values of 2.
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features.
The Definition of an Upgrade: Take old bugs out, put new ones in.
The name is Baud......, James Baud.
Access denied--nah nah na nah nah!
Bad command. Bad, bad command! Sit! Stay! Staaay..
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
A mainframe: The biggest PC peripheral available.
An error? Impossible! My modem is error correcting.
24 hours in a day...24 beers in a case...coincidence?
Disinformation is not as good as datinformation.
All computers wait at the same speed.
DEFINITION: Computer - A device designed to speed and automate errors.
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage.
Programmer - A red-eyed, mumbling mammal capable of conversing with inanimate objects.
I'll  hit you so hard by the time you come down, you'll need a passport and a plane ticket back!
I'll hit you so hard your kids will be born dizzy!
You're so dumb you think manual labor is a Mexican!
You're so dumb it takes you an hour and a half to watch "60 Minutes"!
You  so stupid you probably think Taco Bell is where you pay your telephone bill.
Your so stupid, that you got fired from the M & M factory for throwing away all the W's.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Clippers game to get a hair cut.
Your so stupid, that you went to a Whalers game to see Shamu.
Your so stupid, it takes you an hour to cook minute rice.
You're so ugly you'd make a train take a dirt road!
You're so ugly when you walk into a bank, they turn the cameras off!
You're  so  ugly,  if you stuck your head out the window, they'd arrest you for mooning!
You're  so  ugly  if  you  joined  an  ugly  contest, they'd say "Sorry, no professionals!"
You're so ugly if my dog looked like you, I'd shave its ass and teach it to walk backwards!
You're  so ugly when you were born, your mother saw the afterbirth and said "Twins!"
Your face so so ugly when you cry the tears run up your face.
Your so ugly, your mother had to feed you with a sling shot.
Your  so  ugly,  your mother had to tie a steak around your neck to get the dog to play with you.
You're so fat when you sit around the house, you sit AROUND the HOUSE
You're  so  fat  you  get  clothes in three sizes:  extra large, jumbo, and oh-my-god-it's-coming-towards-us!
Your  so  fat,  that you have to strap a beeper on your belt to warn people you are backing up.
Your wife said she liked seafood.  So I gave her crabs.
If I had change for a buck, I could have been your dad!
When you get run over by a car it shouldn't be listed under accidents.
I  hear  that  when  you were a child your mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you but the Mafia wanted too much.
You  were  born  because  your  mother  didn't believe in abortion; now she believes in infanticide.
You're a habit I'd like to kick; with both feet.
I hear the only place you're ever invited is outside.
You've never been outspoken; no one has ever been able to.
If you ever tax your brain, don't charge more than a penny.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling ---- in your skull?
I  don't  consider you a vulture.  I consider you something a vulture would eat.
You have a face only a mother could love - and she hates it!
Roses are red, violets are blue, i have 5 fingers and the middle one is for You.
Yo mommas so dumb she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go!
Yo mama so dumb she stared at da orange juice bottle cause it said concentrate
Yo mammas so fat you could slap her legs and ride the waves
Yo mama so dumb she sold her car for gas money
Yo Mama's so fat, she got baptized at Sea World.
You're mom's so stupid, she got locked up in a super market and starved
Yo Momma is so fat she walked out in high heels and came back in flip flops.
Yo' Momma's So Fat When her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama's so fat when she ordered a water bed they layed a blanket on the Pacific Ocean
Yo mama so dumb that when I said "christmas is just around the corner" she went looking for it!
Yo Mamma's so fat it takes two busses and a train to get on her good side.
Your mom is so stupid, I said it's chilly outside, your mom ran outside wit a bowl and a spoon and asked where??
Yo Mama's so poor, when I was asking why she was banging on the dumpster she said, "My kids locked me out."
Yo mamma's so stupid, she jumped off a boat and missed the water.
Yo mama's so fat, when she stepped on the dog's tail we had to change his name to Beaver.
Yo momma's so fat that when she goes outside in her yellow jacket people say "Look it's the magic school bus!!!"
Yo Mama so fat she went into a zoo and a zookeeper said, "Oh boy...another elephant got out!"
Yo mamma so stupid, it took her two hours to watch 60 minutes
Yo mama's so poor when I saw her kickin' a can down the street, I asked her what was she doing and she said she was movin'
Yo mama's so fat she has her own zipcode
Yo Momma so fat, when she went to swim in the ocean she said "Oops I'm in the kiddy pool!"
Yo Momma is so fat that her cereal bowl comes with a lifeguard.
Your momma's so fat that when she fell in the forest, the loggers said "TIMBER"!
Right now I'm sitting here looking at you trying to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass.
Don't let your mind wander. It's way to small to be outside by itself!
Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but you abuse the privilege.
Hey, heres a hint. If i don't answer you the first 25 times, what makes you think the next 25 will work?
What's that ugly thing growing out of your neck... Oh... It's your head...
I'm sorry, Talking to you seems as appealing as playing leapfrog with unicorns.
Beauty is skin deep, but ugly is to the bone
The Village just called. They said they were missing their town idiot.
I'm not here right now so cry me a river, build yourself a bridge, and GET OVER IT!!!
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
They told me I had type A blood, but it was a type O.
I stayed up all night to see where the sun went, and then it dawned on me.
At the supermarket I saw a man and a woman wrapped in a barcode. I asked, "Are you two an item?"
I changed my iPhone's name to Titanic. It's syncing now.
Following last week's news that Origami Bank had folded, we are hearing that Sumo Bank has gone belly up and Bonsai Bank plans to cut back some of its branches. Karaoke Bank is up for sale and is (you guessed it!) going for a song.
What happened when the cow tried to jump over a barbed wire fence? Udder destruction.
Did you hear about the man who was tap dancing? He broke his ankle when he fell into the sink.
I dropped out of communism class because of lousy Marx.
A lawyer for a church did some cross-examining.
A man noted for telling puns was locked into a dark closet, and told he would not be released until he made up a pun about the situation. He immediately shouted, "Oh, pun the door!"
Cannibals like to meat people.
Did you hear about the cannibal who was late for dinner? He got the cold shoulder.
"Waiter! This coffee tastes like mud." "Yes sir, it's fresh ground."
Did you hear about the butcher who backed into his meat grinder & got a little behind in his work?
A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm, and says: "A beer please, and one for the road."
A piece of string walked into a bar and said "Gimme a beer!" but the bartender said "Get outta here! We don't serve your kind here!" So the string left, but he was thirsty, and he really wanted a beer, so he messed up his hair real badly and looped himself around until he had tied himself into a knot. When the string went back into the bar, the bartender looked at him suspiciously and said "Aren't you that worthless piece of string I just threw outta here?" No, the string replied, "I'm a frayed knot!"
What do you call a train loaded with toffee? A chew chew train.
A boy was bagging groceries at a supermarket. One day the store installed a machine for squeezing fresh orange juice. Intrigued, the young man asked if he could be allowed to work the machine, but his request was denied. Said the store manager, "Sorry, kid, but baggers can't be juicers."
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
The Irish government is wealthy because its capital is always Dublin.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft. Unsurprisingly it sank, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
No matter how much you push the envelope, it'll still be stationery.
I used to be a shoe salesman, till they gave me the boot.
A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath.
What did the painter say to the wall? "One more crack and I'll plaster you!"
What is the difference between a well dressed man and a dog? The man wears a suit, the dog just pants.
There was a man who entered a local paper's pun contest. He sent in ten different puns hoping at least one of the puns would win but, unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
I didn’t like my beard at first. Then it grew on me.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. This made him, a super-calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
A midget fortune-teller who escapes from prison is a small medium at large.
Never give your uncle an anteater.
A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, "So, why the long face?"
What would you get if you crossed a parrot with a centipede? A walkie-talkie.
When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I.
What would you get if you crossed an electric eel with a sponge? A shock absorber.
Two fish are in a tank. One says to the other, “Uhm… how do you drive this thing?”
A grenade thrown into a kitchen in France would result in Linoleum Blownapart.
The roundest knight at king Arthur's round table was Sir Cumference. He acquired his size from too much pi.
If a seagull flies over the sea, what flies over the bay? A bagel.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
I couldn't quite remember how to throw a boomerang, but eventually it came back to me.
The sheep rustler who broke out of jail is now on the lam.
There were two ships. One had red paint, one had blue paint. They collided. At last report, the survivors were marooned.
An office with many people and few electrical outlets could be in for a power struggle.
Show me someone in denial and I'll show you a person in Egypt up to their ankles.
A baby seal walks into a bar. "What can I get you?" asks the bartender. "Anything but a Canadian Club," replies the seal.
A man walked into a bar and sat down next to a man with a dog at his feet. "Does your dog bite?" he asked. "No." A few minutes later the dog took a huge chunk out of the man's leg. "I thought you said your dog doesn't bite!" he said indignantly. The other guy replied, "That's not my dog."
A polar bear, a giraffe and a penguin walk into a bar. The bartender says, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"
An expert farmer is outstanding in his field.
A criminal's best asset is his lie ability.
When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination.
What did the kid say when his mother poured oatmeal on him? "How can you be so gruel?"
I went to the butchers the other day and I bet him $50 that he couldn't reach the meat off the top shelf. He said, 'no, the steaks are too high.'
What is the difference between a frog and a cat? A frog croaks all the time, a cat only nine times.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese.
Two hydrogen atoms walk into a bar. One says, "I've lost my electron." The other says, "Are you sure?" The first replies, "Yes, I'm positive"
Shakespeare walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a beer. "I can't serve you." says the bartender. "You're Bard!"
The short fortune teller who escaped from prison was a small medium at large.
Why did the blonde throw butter out a window? She wanted to see a butterfly.
Once upon a time, a tribe of cannibals caught a saint sent to them as a missionary and ate him. He was very tender and tasty, yet they were all violently sick afterwards. It shows that you can't keep a good man down.
A neutron walks into a bar. "I'd like a beer" he says. The bartender promptly serves up a beer. "How much will that be?" asks the neutron. "For you?" replies the bartender, "no charge"
A bear walked into a bar and says, "I'll have a beer ... and some of those peanuts." The bartender says, "Why the big pause?"
What do you give a person with water on the brain? A tap on the head.
What do you get when you drop boiling water down a rabbit hole? Hot cross bunnies.
How do you get 100 babies into a bucket? With a blender.
How do you get them out again? With Doritos.
What is funnier than a dead baby? A dead baby in a clown costume.
How do you stop a baby from crawling around in circles? Nail it’s other hand to the floor
What is the difference between a baby and a onion? No one cries when you chop up the baby.
How many babies does it take to paint a house? Depends how hard you throw them.
How do you make a dead baby float? A glass of soda water and 2 scoops of baby.
What do you call a dead baby pinned to your wall? Art.
What bounces up and down at 100mph?
A baby tied to the back of a truck.
What is red and hangs around trees? A baby hit by a snow blower.
What is green and hangs around trees? Same baby 3 weeks later.
What is brown and gurgles? A baby in a casserole.
What do vegetarian ogres eat? Cabbage patch kids.
What do you call a baby on a stick? A Kebabie.
What do you call a dead baby with no arms and no legs in the middle of the ocean? Fucked.
What do you get when you have sex with a pregnant woman? A baby with a black eye!
What is red and goes round and round? A baby in a garbage disposal.
What is blue and sits in the corner? A baby in a baggie.
What’s the difference between a baby and a pizza? A pizza doesn’t scream when you put it in the oven.
What is black and sits in a corner? A baby with it’s finger in a power socket.
What is cold, blue and doesn’t move? A baby in your freezer.
What gets louder as it gets smaller? A baby in a trash compactor.
What is more disgusting than a pile of 100 dead babies? One live one in the middle is eating its way out.
What is the definition of revenge? A baby with a dog in its mouth.
What sits in the kitchen and keeps getting smaller and smaller? A baby combing it’s hair with a potato peeler!
What’s got four wheels, smokes and squeals? A bus load of babies on fire.
What do you call a baby on a pike? A lollipop.
What is pink, flies and squeals? A baby fired from a catapult. What do you call the baby when it lands? Free pizza.
What’s the difference between a baby and a bagel? You can put a bagel in the toaster. You have to put the baby in the oven.
What is more fun than throwing a baby off the cliff? Catching it with a pitchfork.
What’s the difference between a soccer ball and a baby? I’ve never kicked a soccer ball over 50 yards.
What do babies and baseballs have in common? The neighbor gets angry when you throw them through their window.
What’s the difference between a bucket of gravel and a bucket of baby guts? You can’t gargle gravel.
What goes plop, plop, fizz, fizz? Twins in an acid bath.
What’s the difference between a dead baby and a felt tip marker? You don’t get second looks when you’re writing with a felt tip marker!
What’s the difference between a dead baby and a peanut butter cup? The dead baby won’t stick to the roof of your mouth.
What is red and pink and hanging out of your dog’s mouth? Your baby’s leg.
What is grosser than ten dead babies nailed to a tree? One dead baby nailed to ten trees.
What is the worst part about killing a baby? Getting blood on your clown suit.
What’s the difference between 100 dead babies and a Ferrari? I don’t keep a Ferrari in my garage.
How many dead baby’s does it take to change a light bulb? Depend on how good you are at stacking them.
How many dead baby’s does it take to change a light bulb? Couldn’t tell you. I have 50 in my basement, and the light is still out.
How many dead baby’s does it take to change a light bulb? Depends how high your ceiling is.
What do babies and an Etch A Sketch have in common? If you don’t like how it looks, you can shake it until it goes away.
What is the difference between a deer and a baby? I don’t have a deer head mounted above my mantle.
What screams as it goes round and round? A baby on a spit roast.
What do a dead baby’s head and a bottle cap have in common? They come off easier if you twist them.
Why did the dead baby cross the road? Cuz it was stapled to the chicken.
What’s the difference between a pile of dead babies and a pile of sand? You can’t move a pile of sand with a pitchfork.
What is the difference between a dead baby and a granola bar? About 500 calories.
What goes "Ha, ha, ha, plop"? A man laughing his head off.
Dijon vu - the same mustard as before.
What's the motto of the ghoul's convention? The morgue the merrier.
They arrested the monkey for throwing Rhesus feces at zoo attendants.His charge? Turd debris assault
I wondered why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I'm really starting to hate these stupid little Russian Dolls. They're so full of themselves.
What do you get when you pour cement on a burglar? A hardened criminal.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What is the difference between one yard and two yards? A fence
These friars were behind on their belfry payments, so they opened up a small florist shop to raise funds. Since everyone liked to buy flowers from the men of God, a rival florist across town thought the competition was unfair. He asked the good fathers to close down, but they would not. He went back and begged the friars to close. They ignored him. So, the rival florist hired Hugh MacTaggart, the roughest and most vicious thug in town to "persuade" them to close. Hugh beat up the friars and trashed their store, saying he'd be back if they didn't close up shop. Terrified, they did so, thereby proving that Hugh, and only Hugh, can prevent florist friars.
What is the difference between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of its paws, and a comma has a pause at the end of its clause.
What did the alien dandelion say to the Earth dandelion? "Take me to your weeder!"
They arrested the barber for running a clip joint.
What do you call a baby monkey? A chimp off the old block
A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer.
Where did Noah keep his bees? In the ark hives.
When you've seen one shopping center you've seen a mall.
I used to be a tailor, but found the work to be just so-so.
Marathon runners with bad footwear suffer the agony of defeat.
Some river valleys are absolutely gorges.
A termite walks into a bar and says, "Is the bar tender here?"
How many sides does a circle have? Two: an inside and an outside.
Which president was least guilty? Lincoln. He is in a cent.
A bicycle can't stand on its own because it is two tired.
He didn't tell his mother that he ate some glue. His lips were sealed.
Why do cows wear cowbells? Because their horns don't work.
What did the Mexican fireman name his twin sons? Hose A and Hose B.
What happens to illegally parked frogs? They get toad away.
Show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and I'll show you A-flat minor.
What kind of tree do fingers grow on? A palm tree.
How about the man who ran through a screen door? He strained himself.
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny.
Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went to Hollywood and became a famous actor. The other stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted to much. The second one, naturally, became known as the lesser of two weevils.
What did the guitar say to the musician? "Pick on someone your own size!"
Four fonts walk into a bar. The barman says "Oi - get out! We don't want your type in here"
Two fish swim into a concrete wall. One turns to the other and says "dam"
A skeleton walks into a bar and says, "Gimme a beer, and a mop."
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa
What do you get when you put the pictures of the Kings of Russia on a flag? The Tsar-Spangled Banner.
What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic? Sanka. And what kind of lettuce? Iceberg
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
It was an emotional wedding. Even the cake was in tiers.
Two vultures board an airplane, each carrying two dead raccoons. The stewardess looks at them and says, "I'm sorry, gentlemen, only one carrion allowed per passenger."
I used to be a transplant surgeon, but my heart just wasn't in it.
A music store had a small sign which read: Bach in a Minuet.
In democracy it's your vote that counts; in feudalism it's your count that votes.
Two cannibals are eating a clown. One says to the other: "Does this taste funny to you?"
What do you call a woman who stands between two goal posts? Annette.
The man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray is now a seasoned veteran.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Every calendar's days are numbered.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when they lit a fire in the craft, it sank, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it, too.
What did the toy store sign say? Don't feed the animals. They are already stuffed.
How many Alzheimer's patients does it take to change a light bulb? To get to the other side!
Q: What do you have when you have two little green balls in the palm of your hand? A: Kermit's undivided attention!
What did one snowman say to the other? Nice balls.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom? Because it has a silent pee.
What did the Zen Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
What kind of bees make milk instead of honey? Boobies.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? Hell if I know!
What did the farmer say when he couldn't find his tractor? "Where's my Tractor?!"
What do you get when you cross an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic? Someone who lays awake at night wondering if there really is a dog.
What do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea.
What's the last thing that goes through a bug's mind as he hits the windshield? His butt.
Why was Tiger looking in the toilet? He was looking for Pooh!
Have you heard about the cannibal that passed his brother in the forest?
What's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? The wheelchair.
I used to be into sadism, necrophilia, and bestiality, but I realized I was just beating a dead horse.
Q:  What's the difference between a teacher and a train? A:  A teacher says "no chewing" and a train says "choo-choo"!
Q:  What do you call a lion tamer who sticks his right arm down a lion's throat? A:  Lefty!
Q:  What kind of quiz do you give to a criminal? A:  A con test!
Q:  Why aren't elephants allowed on beaches? A:  They can't keep their trunks up!
Q:  How do you cut through waves? A:  With a sea-saw!
Q:  If a man smashed a clock, could he be accused of killing time? A:  Not if the clock struck first!
Q:  A giant had three tongues!  How did he remove two of them? A:  He took off his shoes!
Q:  What did one knife say to the other? A:  "My, YOU'RE looking sharp today!"
Q:  What's the best way to see flying saucers? A:  Trip the waiter!
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't
If at first you don't succeed; call it version 1.0
I'm not anti-social; I'm just not user friendly
My software never has bugs. It just develops random features
Roses are #FF0000 , Violets are #0000FF , All my base belongs to you
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
Hand over the calculator, friends don't let friends derive drunk
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code
Enter any 11-digit prime number to continue...
The box said 'Requires Windows 95 or better'. So I installed LINUX
A penny saved is 1.39 cents earned, if you consider income tax
Unix, DOS and Windows...the good, the bad and the ugly
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila
The code that is the hardest to debug is the code that you know cannot possibly be wrong
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity
Ethernet (n): something used to catch the etherbunny
C://dos C://dos.run run.dos.run
You know it's love when you memorize her IP number to skip DNS overhead
JUST SHUT UP AND REBOOT!!
1f u c4n r34d th1s u r34lly n33d t0 g37 l41d
Alcohol & calculus don't mix. Never drink & derive
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
There is only one satisfying way to boot a computer
Concept: On the keyboard of life, always keep one finger on the escape button
It's not bogus, it's an IBM standard
Be nice to the nerds, for all you know they might be the next Bill Gates!
The farther south you go, the more dollar stores there are
Beware of programmers that carry screwdrivers
The difference between e-mail and regular mail is that computers handle e-mail, and computers never decide to come to work one day and shoot all the other computers
If you want a language that tries to lock up all the sharp objects and fire-making implements, use Pascal or Ada: the Nerf languages, harmless fun for children of all ages, and they won't mar the furniture
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning
LISP = Lots of Irritating Silly Parentheses
The beginning of the programmer's wisdom is understanding the difference between getting program to run and having a runnable program
Squash one bug, you'll see ten new bugs popping
Everytime i time i touch my code, i give birth to ten new bugs
We are sorry, but the number you have dialed is imaginary. Please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again
Cannot find REALITY.SYS. Universe halted
If it weren't for C, we'd all be programming in BASI and OBO
Bad command or file name! Go stand in the corner
Bad or corrupt header, go get a haircut
Unrecognized input, get out of the class
Warning! Buffer overflow, close the tumbler !
WinErr 547: LPT1 not found... Use backup... PENCIL & PAPER
Bad or missing mouse driver. Spank the cat? (Y/N)
Computers make very fast, very accurate mistakes
Best file compression around: "rm *.*" = 100% compression
Hackers in hollywood movies are phenomenal. All they need to do is "c:\> hack into fbi"
BREAKFAST.COM Halted...Cereal Port Not Responding
I survived an NT installation
The name is Baud......James Baud
My new car runs at 56Kbps
Why doesn't DOS ever say "EXCELLENT command or filename!"
File not found. Should I fake it? (Y/N)
Cannot read data, leech the next boy's paper? (Y/N)
CONGRESS.SYS Corrupted: Re-boot Washington D.C (Y/n)?
Does fuzzy logic tickle?
Helpdesk : Sir, you need to add 10GB space to your HD , Customer : Could you please tell where I can download that?
Windows: Just another pane in the glass
Who's General Failure & why's he reading my disk?
RAM disk is not an installation procedure
Shell to DOS...Come in DOS, do you copy? Shell to DOS...
The truth is out there...anybody got the URL?
Smash forehead on keyboard to continue.....
E-mail returned to sender -- insufficient voltage
Help! I'm modeming... and I can't hang up!!!
All wiyht. Rho sritched mg kegtops awound?
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Keyboard not attached. Press F1 to continue
Once I got this error on my Linux box: Error. Mouse not attached. Please left click the 'OK' button to continue
Press any key to continue or any other key to quit...
Press every key to continue
Helpdesk: Sir if you see the blue screen, press any key to continue. Customer : hm.. just a min.. where's that 'any key'..
Idiot, Go ahead, make my data!
Old programmers never die; they just give up their resources
To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so
(001) Logical Error CLINTON.SYS: Truth table missing
Clinton:/> READ | PARSE | WRITE | DUMP >> MONKIA.SYS
(D)inner not ready: (A)bort (R)etry (P)izza
Computers can never replace human stupidity
A typical Yahoo! inbox : Inbox(0), Junk(9855210)
(A)bort, (R)etry, (P)anic?
Bugs come in through open Windows
Penguins love cold, they wont survive the sun
Unix is user friendly...its just selective about who its friends are
Artificial intelligence usually beats real stupidity
Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
To err is human...to really foul up requires the root password.
Invalid password : Please enter the correct password to (Abort / Retry / Ignore )
FUBAR - where Geeks go for a drink
I degaussed my girlfriend and I'm just not attracted to her anymore
Scandisk : Found 2 bad sectors. Please enter a new HD to continue scanning
Black holes are where God divided by zero
Hey! It compiles! Ship it!
Thank god, my baby just compiled
Yes! My code compiled, and my wife just produced the output
Windows 98 supports real multitasking - it can boot and crash simultaneously
Zap! And there was the blue screen !
Please send all spam to my main address, root@localhost :-)
MailerD(a)emon: You just received 9133547 spam. (O)pen all, (R)ead one by one, (C)heck for more spam
A: Can you teach me how to use a computer? B: No. I just fix the machines, I don't use them
PayPal: Your funds have been frozen for 668974 days
1-800-404 : The subscriber you are trying to call does not exist
1-800-403 : Access to that subscriber was denied
Error message: "Out of paper on drive D:"
If I wanted a warm fuzzy feeling, I'd antialias my graphics!
A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light
"Mr. Worf, scan that ship." "Aye Captain. 300 dpi?"
Smith & Wesson: The Original Point And Click Interface
Shout onto a newsgroup : It echoes back flames and spam
Firewall : Intruder detected. (A)llow in (D)eactivate the firewall
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language
Warning! Perl script detected! (K)ill it , (D)eactivate it
Firewall : Do you want to place a motion detector on port 80 ?
Helpdesk: Sir, please refill your ink catridges Customer : Where can i download that?
All computers run at the same speed... with the power off
You have successfully logged in, Now press any key to log out
Sorry, the password you tried is already being used by Dorthy, please try something else.
Sorry, that username already exists. (O)verwrite it (C)ancel
Please send all flames, trolls, and complaints to /dev/toilet
Shut up, or i'll flush you out
Cron : Enter cron command \ Now enter the number of minutes in an hour
We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal
You have successfully hacked in, Welcome to the FBI mainframes.
I'm sorry, our software is perfect. The problem must be you
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes hurling down the highway
Webhost livehelp: Sir you ran out of bandwidth, User: Where can I download that?
If Ruby is not and Perl is the answer, you don't understand the question
Having soundcards is nice... having embedded sound in web pages is not
My computer was full, so I deleted everything on the right half
You have received a new mail which is 195537 hours old
Yahoo! Mail: Your email was sent successfully. The email will delivered in 4 days and 8 hours
I'm sorry for the double slash (Tim Berners-Lee in a Panel Discussion, WWW7, Brisbane, 1998)
Ah, young webmaster... java leads to shockwave. Shockwave leads to realaudio. And realaudio leads to suffering
What color do you want that database?
C++ is a write-only language. I can write programs in C++, but I can't read any of them
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code
earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can
A typical yahoo chat room: "A has signed in, A has signed out, B has signed in, B has signed out, C has signed in, C has signed out.."
When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop
Warning! No processor found! Press any key to continue
Failure is not an option. It comes bundled with your Microsoft product
NT is the only OS that has caused me to beat a piece of hardware to death with my bare hands
Warning! Kernel crashed, Run for your lives !
NASA uses Windows? Oh great. If Apollo 13 went off course today the manual would just tell them to open the airlock, flush the astronauts out, and re-install new one
JavaScript: An authorizing language designed to make Netscape crash
How's my programming? Call 1-800-DEV-NULL
Yes, friends and neighbors, boys and girls - my PC speaker crashed NT
root:> Sorry, you entered the wrong password, the correct password is 'a_49qwXk'
New linux package released. Please install on /dev/null
Quake and uptime do not like each other
Unix...best if used before: Tue Jan 19 03:14:08 GMT 2038
As you well know, magic and weapons are prohibited inside the cafeteria -- Final Fantasy VIII
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft...and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labo
Unix is the only virus with a command line interface
Windows 95 makes Unix look like an operating system
How are we supposed to hack your system if it's always down!
God is real, unless declared integer
I'm tempted to buy the slashdot staff a grammar checker. What do they do for 40 hours a week?
Paypal : Please enter your credit card number to continue
It takes a million monkeys at typewriters to write Shakespeare, but only a dozen monkeys at computers to run Network Solutions
Please help - firewall burnt down - lost packet - reward $$$
If Linux were a beer, it would be shipped in open barrels so that anybody could piss in it before delivery
Thank you Mario! But our princess is in another castle
Perl, the only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption
Norton: Incoming virus - (D)ownload and save (R)un after download
I had a dream... and there were 1's and 0's everywhere, and I think I saw a 2!
You sir, are an unknown USB device driver
C isn't that hard: void (*(*f[])())() defines f as an array of unspecified size, of pointers to functions that return pointers to functions that return void
How do you know when you are going to drown in milk? When its past your eyes! Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth – its pasteurized before you even see it
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off? It reads "Small medium at large."
A panda walks into a bar and says to the bartender "I'll have a Scotch and . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Coke thank you". "Sure thing" the bartender replies and asks "but what's with the big pause?" The panda holds up his hands and says "I was born with them"
A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? The food is great, but there's just no atmosphere.
What did the mountain climber name his son? Cliff.
What do you call an Argentinian with a rubber toe? Roberto
What do you call a Mexican man leaving the hospital? Manuel
Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
I dreamed about drowning in an ocean made out of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta sea.
Last night me and my girlfriend watched three DVDs back to back. Luckily I was the one facing the TV.
A Sandwich walks into a bar, the bartender says "Sorry, we don't serve food here"
They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian – they're not laughing now.
I'm reading a book on the history of glue – can't put it down.
I went to the zoo the other day, there was only one dog in it. It was a shitzu.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
Q: What's 50 Cent's name in Zimbabwe? A: 400 Million Dollars.
"My Dog has no nose." "How does he smell?" "Awful"
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What did the Buffalo say to his little boy when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the girl smear peanut butter on the road? To go with the traffic jam.
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bagels!
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
What do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you? Pull the pin and throw it back.
What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What's the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5000 miles.
Two muffins were sitting in an oven, and the first looks over to the second, and says, "man, it's really hot in here". The second looks over at the first with a surprised look, and answers, "WHOA, a talking muffin!"
A man walks into a bar and orders helicopter flavor chips. The barman replies "sorry mate we only do plain"
Sgt.: Commissar! Commissar! The troops are revolting! Commissar: Well, you're pretty repulsive yourself.
Have you ever heard of a music group called Cellophane? They mostly wrap.
Dad I'm hungry' ... Hi hungry I'm dad
When phone ringing Dad says 'If it's for me don't answer it.'
Put the cat out ... I didn't realize it was on fire
Where's the bin? Dad: I haven't been anywhere!
Can I watch the TV? Dad: Yes, but don't turn it on.
When Dad drops a pea off of his plate 'oh dear I've pee'd on the table!'
I've been addicted to cold turkey for 2 years. I keep telling people I'm trying to quit cold turkey but nobody is taking me seriously.
I just read a book about Stockholm syndrome. It was pretty bad at first, but by the end I liked it.
RIP boiled water. You will be mist.
Archaeology really is a career in ruins...
I don't trust stairs. They're always up to something.
A big cat escaped it's cage at the zoo yesterday. If I saw that I'd puma pants.
My Czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
Found out I was colour blind the other day... That one came right out of the purple.
A man tried to sell me a coffin today... I told him that's the last thing I need.
Don't kiss your wife with a runny nose. You might think it's funny, but it's snot.
My friend keeps telling me I'm in the closet. I just say it's Narnia business.
I burnt my Hawaiian pizza last night... I should've put it on aloha setting.
Dad: Where can I get a potato clock? Son: Why a potato clock?!? Dad: I've got a new job and my boss said I need to get-a-potato-clock
What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, the other is a little lighter.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl using the bathroom? Because the P is silent
Did you hear about the crazy Mexican train thief? He had loco motives
Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth.... Then it's a soap opera
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
You can't run through a camp site. You can only ran, because it's past tents.
"Does this uniform make me look fat" - insecurity guard
How do you tell the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one later and one in a while.
You know what they say about cliffhangers...
Ever noticed that glass tastes like blood?
You heard the rumor going around about butter? Nevermind, I shouldn't spread it.
I have the heart of a lion and a lifetime ban from London zoo.
What did the Buddhist ask the hot dog vendor? "Make me one with everything."
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it!
What happened to the cow that jumped over the barbed wire fence? Udder destruction.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet..... But that's just nuts
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Look, the cannibal said! I'm wearing a Thai.
What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Knock knock. Who's there? To. To Who? To whom.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
I went out with a girl called Simile, I don't know what I metaphor.
There's no I in denial.
I'm tired of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they are going and meet up with them later.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Its ok, he woke up.
What's the best thing about elevator jokes? They work on so many levels.
How do you make antifreeze? Steal her blanket.
What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are about 49cents and deer nuts are just under a buck.
Did you hear about the guy who jumped off a bridge in Paris? He was in Seine.
There are only two types of people in the world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data...
What did the buffalo say to his son as he left for college? Bison
What does a house wear? A dress.
I asked a Frenchman if he played video games. He said "wii".
A furniture store keeps calling me. But all I wanted was one night stand.
Two aerials meet on a roof, fall in love and get married... The ceremony was rubbish but the reception was excellent.